{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Quiz:
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}True or False. A Michigan LLC can have one or multiple member s/partners. 
\b True
\b0 \
{\listtext	2.	}True or False. Once you have a business name, the next step is to open a bank account. 
\b False, next step would be to get your federal EIN, which is needed to open a bank account.
\b0 \
{\listtext	3.	}True or False. You only have to file a Michigan LLC Annual Report if your company earned money during the fiscal year. 
\b  False, this must be filed every year regardless if you have made changes or not
\b0 \
{\listtext	4.	}Name one thing general liability insurance might cover. 
\b General liability insurance might cover somebody falling down stairs on your property or banged their head on the doorway and tried to sue you for damages. The policy can be be used for renting an office, taken in the name of the landlord.
\b0 \
{\listtext	5.	}True or False. The City of Lansing levies an income tax. 
\b True
\b0 \
{\listtext	6.	}Calculate your hourly billing rate for a web design business if you aim to pay yourself $45,000/year with a profit margin of 25%. 
\b 45,000 * 1.35 = 60,750; 60, 770/1,152 = 52.7 + 11(overhead) = 63.73 (operating cost) + 15.93 (25% profit) = \ul $80/hour (
\i 79.67 final hourly rate
\i0 ) 
\b0 \ulnone \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	7.	}\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	8.	}True or False. Work for hire means that you get to remain the copyright holder after you've delivered your work to the client. 
\b False, work for hire means that the Copyright would belong to the party that is paying for the service, rather then the original artist.
\b0 \
{\listtext	9.	}Find one local networking event in Lansing and one web design conference (globally) that's happening in 2014. 
\b Lansing Day of .Net is an event that helps to serve Greater Lansing User Group for .Net (mainly to help them learn the newest techniques and practices to improve their projects and businesses. ConveyUX is a conference for what's next in the UX design and will be in Seattle Washington February 5th- 7th.
\b0 \
{\listtext	10.	}True or False. You can use your personal checking account for business as long as you are not a corporation. 
\b False, you need to have a strict separation between your business checking account and personal checking account.
\b0 \
{\listtext	11.	}Name three ways you could become a thought leader in your industry. 
\b Three ways to become a thought leader include: learn more about your industry by reading, listening, thinking and talking about it with others who are interested/ form an opinion and share it with others; post in blogs to help circulate your name; try to be as involved in the professional community as you can.
\b0 \
}